[Docs] Update flashing information to include :flash target (#6999)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/flashing.md

    make <keyboard>:<keymap>:avrdude

#### Caterina commands

There are a number of DFU commands that you can use to flash firmware to a DFU device:

> * `:avrdude` - This is the normal option and waits until a caterina device is available, and then flashes the firmware. This will wait until it detects a new COM port, and then it will flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:avrdude` - This is the normal option which waits until a Caterina device is available (by detecting a new COM port), and then flashes the firmware.
```

> * `:avrdude-loop` - This runs the same command as `:avrdude`, but after each device is flashed, it will attempt to flash again.  This is useful for bulk flashing. _This requires you to manually escape the loop by hitting Ctrl+C, Cmd+C, or whatever the hotkey is for your system._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:avrdude-loop` - This runs the same command as `:avrdude`, but after each device is flashed, it will attempt to flash again.  This is useful for bulk flashing. _This requires you to manually escape the loop by hitting Ctrl+C._
```

This should always just be Control+C, I believe.

There are a number of DFU commands that you can use to flash firmware to a STM32 device:

> * `:dfu-util` - The default command for flashing to STM32 devices, and will wait until an STM32 bootloader is present. . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:dfu-util` - The default command for flashing to STM32 devices, and will wait until an STM32 bootloader device is present.
```
